docs: Add common use cases (#4677)
CloudFire-LLC/cloudfire: website/src/app/kb/use-cases/web-app-access/readme.mdx

import PlanBadge from "@/components/PlanBadge";
import SupportOptions from "@/components/SupportOptions";
import Alert from "@/components/DocsAlert";
import Link from "next/link";
import Image from "next/image";

<PlanBadge plans={["starter", "team", "enterprise"]}>

# Access a Private Web Application

</PlanBadge>

In this guide, we'll use Firezone to set up access to a private web application
such as GitLab or Metabase. This is useful when you have a web app hosted behind
a firewall that you want to keep secure, but still need to access it from
external networks like the internet.

<Alert color="info">
  This steps in this guide can be effectively applied to virtually any service,
  not just web applications.
</Alert>

## Prerequisites

- A Site that contains the web app you want to secure access to.
  [Create a Site](/kb/deploy/sites) if you haven't already.
- One or more Gateways deployed within the Site.
  [Deploy a Gateway](/kb/deploy/gateways) if you don't have any in the Site
  where this web app is located.

<Alert color="warning">

>   For reliable access to high-traffic web apps, we highly recommend setting up
>   multiple Gateways for load balancing. See [Deploying multiple

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  For reliable access to high-traffic web apps, set up
  multiple Gateways for load balancing. See [Deploying multiple
```
